-------
Thanks for working with me on this, I did as you suggested and changed the path directory in pybank 'main.py' with the updated join, that doesn't reference the pybank directory.
And changed the analysis variable for the print to summary table, added the print analysis variable and changed the path to the with open statement to 'analysis/analysis.txt.
It no longer prints the word analysis and instead prints the summary table as intended. I went a bit further and realized that my print statement would need a \n inside each line,
when they were a print command, each line was printed on the its own line, as a summary analysis variable it was printing everything as one line. It had the necessary output, but it looked bad.

I also followed the suggestons on the row in csvreader for the pypoll section. There is now a vote_count variable that keeps track of each row in the for loop, and there is also an if statement to keep track of the candidates.
It works as suggested, especially the if statement, if a candidate is not in the candidate_list, they are appened to the candidate list and the candidat_votes are set to 0 and then added to the running tally.

As I looked at the PyPoll code, below there, I realized it was unnecessarily complicated and so it has been commented out. I created another for loop, pulls the votes, vote count and vote percent per candidate, and prints the results.
And then there is an if statement that simply sees if the votes are greater than the winner_count, a variable called in the beginning. and the candidate percent > than the winning percent
it then appends a winner to the winner variable that had been left "" when declared. I followed youre suggestion on the pybank print statement for the pypoll summary table, this time the variable is election_analysis, rather than the analysis it had been before.
This is because it was print the pybank analysis txt in the pypoll analysis txt, so I differentiated them and that was no longer an issue. From there it was a called print function on the election analysis variable and with open ('txt, w) write the analysis to the analysis txt.

The only issue I had was with the results, and I have included two scripts, one for each of the pybanks and pypolls that show the different outputs. In one, main.py and pypoll.py, each respectively does not call the above PyBank/PyPoll folder, and when printing does not direct from the PyBank/PyPoll folder for the output analysis. VS Code gave me input and output errors each time, and I have included the screenshots to show you the output on my end.

In the second grouping, I called the pybank/resources/csv and pypoll/resources/csv as I had been doing and it was outputting the results to the respective analysis sections. Those files are 'pybank.py' and 'alternative.py', which I included the screenshots of them printing the desired output to the terminal. But they are not to be graded, it is simply there to show as a reference point. 

--------




This nearly broke me, the complications involved here where somewhat overwhelming for the beginning of a course like this and instilled a sort of dread regarding git, git hub, git lab, visual studio code and the interactions of all of them. I think my first hurdle was how to go about the definitions problem of the data types, are these two python problems lists or dictionaries? Neither really seems to fit the bill, a list typically can be defined in the line in which was defined, and dictionaries require a level of complexity of defining the values and then giving an example all the while expressing what the value is a tuple, a string?
Then come the difficulties in calling the csv files, relative paths where explained in our course, but up to this point in time we have been using csv files that were automatically included in the unsolved section of the activity, so I may understand how to call a csv file that is a folder up or nextdoor to the whatever python activity we've been working on, I don't have the technical competency to write something that is callable not relative to myself and my local directory, but retrievable in a remote repository that I will be posting this challenge to. So how one goes about writing that in VSCode is an unnecessary complication at this point, I can either write it the way that I know how using my C:\users\DataClass amd just not have it work when I post it here, or have to figure out how to call a remote repository using a relative path. It was unnecessarily complicated and discouraging, not only because after one figures out how to do that, the PyPoll csv is to large to push conventionally.
So one finds Pathlib and how to get the current working directory, but at that point im sort of discouraged, especially with the complications of git and git hub. I wound up cloning a remote repository onto my local machine, and seemingly all of the tutorials published by this course, git's offical published documentation available on their website use outdate phrases. Like okay, I get that until a year ago every 'main' branch was refered to as 'master' but that wasn't told to us, so in looking through tutorials on how to push to a remote repository I overwrote my main branch as 'Master'dutifully following Git's published documentation on the subject, and messed things up pretty quickly for myself with 3 remote branches and two local python-challenges required to fix all of that, and then naturally, I publish the wrong working directory and link that to the submission link on the website.
I just think that this was overly frustrating for so early in the course and yeah okay I got some stuff to print and I was able to do totals but beyond the functions of for loops and max and min there wasn't much to be gleemed from this exercise.
11/10 Okay so I did as the central grader suggested in that I called all of the variables before even starting the exercise, ever single one. I get it, I understand that I was getting the divide by zero error because the for loop wasn't actually looping anywhere because the variables had been called inside the loop and so didn't exist outside of that loop, and as there wasn't at a catchall list it wasn't going anywhere. Henry my TA helped on this explaining what the grader meant, and he showed me why I was getting the output put that I was getting and then left me to figure it out what the problem was. It was as simple as that really, I just declared everything rather than as I went and there were not conflicts. However, this exercise seems to be my great white whale, I am exponentially more confident in my skills and knowledge base since this exercise was first attempted, or at least so I thought. Of course, of course I would somehow create another working branch in the python file, but as I seem to recall that other branch Matt was only for project 3 so we could use git as intended. Didn't work out that way what happened was I made a branch off from main since I was hosting the project file, and then my partners just made directories to keep their portions seperate. But as I had unleashed the second branch genie again, read up dear grader for a better understanding of my well earned fear of branches. the branch, like the infectioius disease that it is somehow managed to make it into my python challenge git hub remote, and so then a merge conflict ensued, I handled it better this time, but accidentally deleted the main->pybank and pypoll that I wanted to keep, luckily I copied them and put them somewhere else cause this merge conflict sort of blindsided me, anyway the PyBank works as intended, I checked again.
